beginning clientSlidingWindow
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
recieved data 
correct message couting as acknolegement
unacknowledged is equal to windowsize
Timed Out resending message
